Add MSI logging command (#278)
owncloud/docs-client-desktop: modules/ROOT/pages/installing.adoc

msiexec /i ownCloud-x.y.z.msi DO_NOT_SCHEDULE_REBOOT="1"
----

=== Windows Installer Logging

In case you experience issues, you can run the installer with logging enabled:

[source,console]
----
msiexec /i ownCloud-x.y.z.msi /L*V "C:\log\example.log"
----

> Here you can find more information:
> https://www.advancedinstaller.com/user-guide/qa-log.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the: https://www.advancedinstaller.com/user-guide/qa-log.html[How do I create an installation log] documentation for more information about the Msiexec.exe command and logging.
```
